
h1. Node Should

h3. This project is stalled because of a possible (super obscure) issue in nodejs:

<font color="red">This project is currently on hold because I can't seem to work around this issue: https://github.com/ry/node/issues#issue/693</font>. Any ideas or thoughts about what I'm doing wrong, or how to work around this issue would be welcomed.

'Node Should' is a(nother) implementation of "Shoulda":http://thoughtbot.com/community/ in JavaScript and 
specifically in the "NodeJS":http://nodejs.org/ runtime environment.

This testing framework was developed test-first based on the examples
found in the "NodeJs library":https://github.com/ry/node/tree/master/test/simple itself.

There are most definitely bugs and problems in this code, but it is
working well enough for me at the moment. If you encounter an issue,
please let me know by "messaging me on github":http://github.com/lukebayes . Forks and pull requests
are definitely welcome.

The main problem that I set out to solve with this library, is one
of composite test environments. I really appreciate how Shoulda
enables shared, general setup code and more specific leaves that
can take advantage of it.

Another major reason for building this framework was inherently
supporting asynchronous tests.

The ad-hoc assertion testing found in the NodeJs library code is 
obviously good-enough to get by, but suffers from problems with 
error localization, especially when something asynchronous fails.

To use this framework, take a look at the project in the example/
folder.

You'll probably want to copy the runner.js file found there into 
your project, and add the files found in src/ to a folder in your
lib/ like, lib/node-should, and get that into your load path.

Once you have taken these two steps, you should be able to run
your test harness with:

  node runner.js

